hey what's up guys just get down my
workout third workout of the week one of
the exercises that was supposed to do
for glue ham raises unlike most
commercial gyms there are no blue
hemorrhages or GH are machines available
it's kind of a career apparatus for
commercial dreams you will find them
commonly in powerlifting Jim's not
regular gym so the alternative is to do
ghetto blue hammer is it tonight a lot
of the times you can do this at the gym
I'm like a seated calf raise mashina
also seeing it done unlike a the lat
pulldown machine where you just adjust
the seat and make sure your feet are
tightly secured and you google of
members is having like a box or
something to push off of it if you need
at home there's a way to do it you're
gonna need the assistance of somebody
else's girlfriend boyfriend whatever you
have to hold your feet the actual glute
ham raised machine has cushions so it
helps alleviate me pain or any kind of
injury or I just comfort here on this
and you understand use a river town
center fold us up put this on my name
and how my wife pulled my feet and
trying to glue Camrys I'm go go for a
set of three to five I haven't done
these in years and I know what I felt
these things really hit your hamstrings
hard ideally you don't want to push off
the ground or anything but my Hampshire
is a week I need to work on him so I'm
not push off the ground right before I
smash my face on the ground i'll push
off in my hands so i'm going to have a
just to set of fives and maybe this
is something you guys could try home
so this role in the towel put on my
kneecaps and on my feet together
actually I don't it's a preference you
can ever get a party together I'm just
gonna have my knees and feet parallel
and take a deep breath and I'm gonna go
down I'm gonna go down as low as they
count my hits by cut off right now but
I'm gonna go down and the catch myself
and push myself off it's one and I'm
already feeling my hamstrings
I'm trying to minimize how much of a
push I'm giving myself trying to get my
hem she is really working here all right
so that's it one set and I instantly
feel my hamstrings work hard I'm going
to fill this tomorrow I already know it
I think this is something you can build
up to can't definitely a master this
technique or exercises at home for first
day now what you want to do is just sure
that you just not bending at the torso
I've seen this done also at the gym
where the guys are just simply bending
at the waist i feeli want to keep your
back and butt aligned and you want to go
down with your knees and just catch us
up on the ground and that's pretty much
it give it a shot let me know how it
works out for you guys Thanks the cat
today was falling asleep watching me do
this video wasn't that bad was it